## Mini Project #3 Outline + Instructions

## What it is: [This third mini project works with the integration of API's, geocoding, and building lightweight apps through Flask. The main purpose is to have a user use the Flask UI and input their location in the general Boston region such as Newbury Street or Boston Common and have an output that then displays a map with the closest MBTA train station. It integrates the MapBox API which allows the backend to take in a location/return the corresponding GPS coordinates and the MBTA API which consequently, returns the closest train station. Furthermore, this app also displays wheelchair accessibility which is incredibly helpful for people who might have disabilities as a closer station MBTA station might be the most beneficial.]

## How to run it: [To run this project, the user has to leverage the locally hosted Flask UI domain which includes a seamless BIOS. When you enter the app, the user is greeted with an input page that asks for their location in the general Boston region. The backend code is designed to keep user input in the overall downtown Boston region and will return a friendly error if anything outside of MA is entered i.e. Austin, TX or Providence, RI. Additionally, the code includes a 'fenced' output using bbox which means that anything the user types in is forced to be in the general downtown Boston coordinates. For example, if a user types in Chinatown, it shouldn't output the Chinatown in New York, but in Boston. Additionally, the MBTA API also allows for the display of wheelchair accessibility which is Yes or No and if the input location isn't in the Boston/MA region, it won't show it at all. Instead, it will give the user friendly error and a chance to re-type the location in the input page. Finally, HTML templates in the background power the aesthetics of the overall Flask app, making it much more appealing and user-functional, especially with the map. ]
